Kubernetes plus install (#38)
lena-larionova/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/2.6.x/install-and-run/kubernetes.md

---
title: Install on Kubernetes
---

> This page explains how to install {{site.base_gateway}} with {{site.kic_product_name}} in DB-less mode. To install with a database, see the documentation on installing with Helm. This page includes the equivalent commands for OpenShift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how to install {{site.base_gateway}} with {{site.kic_product_name}} in DB-less mode. To install with a database, see the documentation on installing with [Helm](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/install-and-run/helm). 

This page also includes the equivalent commands for OpenShift.
```

> Note that in DB-less mode on Kubernetes, config is stored in etcd, the Kubernetes native datastore. For more information see [TODO LINK]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in DB-less mode on Kubernetes, config is stored in etcd, the Kubernetes native datastore. For more information see [Kubernetes Deployment Options](/gateway/{{page.kong_version}}/plan-and-deploy/kubernetes-deployment-options).
```
